Changes to changelog regarding `print_compilation_stage` (#714)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/debugging.rst

implemented in Catalyst and can be found in the sources.

All pipelines are executed in sequence, the output MLIR of each non-empty pipeline is stored in

> memory and becomes available via the ``print_compilation_stage`` in the ``debug`` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
memory and becomes available via the :func:`~.print_compilation_stage` function in the ``debug`` module.
```

Printing the IR generated by Pass Pipelines
===========================================

We won't get into too much detail here, but sometimes it is useful to look at the output of a
specific pass pipeline.

> To do so, simply use the ``print_compilation_stage`` method available in ``QJIT``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, simply use the :func:`~.print_compilation_stage` function.
```
